docs: add nestjs cli change on migration guide & docs on `--strict` (#2403)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/migration.md

#### Node.js

This release drops support for Node v10. We strongly recommend using the latest LTS version.

> #### NestJS CLI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### CLI
```

Due to stability issues, the command `update` was removed in the v9 of `@nestjs/cli`.  

> You can use specialized tools like [`ncu`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npm-check-updates), `npm update`, [`yarn upgrade-interactive`](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/upgrade-interactive), Renovate Bot, etc, if you want to upgrade your dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use dedicated tools like [`ncu`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npm-check-updates), `npm update`, [`yarn upgrade-interactive`](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/upgrade-interactive, etc., if you want to upgrade your dependencies.
```
